1 some chocolates can have caffeine which can help you get up, not only that but you can make many meals like hot chocolate, and chocolate waffles. and chocolate has antiiujfioerhgio which are good for you i think.

2 chocolate is yummy and has many variants like almonds and mandarin orange flavour

---------


Wearing mismatched socks causes great distress on people as seeing such poorly paired colours causes one to combust and become overwhelmed by all the clashing colours, as outlined in a study that says this happens 21% of the time. Many people who wear mismatched socks on a daily basis tend to be depressed and failures, as shown in another study by MIT about how they all end up at McDonalds or hotel bellboys.

It also ends up in great mental decline because seeing all these non-complimentary colours cause people to have mental disorders such as schizophrenia and adhd due to science things. it also affects ones physical wellbeing as teh mere sight of this atrocity causes people to go blind in tgheir left eye and have hearing loss from their superiors nagginng them about their ugly attire. 

Also, at least 99% of people who wear mismatched socks die eventualkly.

--------

I have many reasons on why pineapple belongs on pizza,

1 many athletes eat pineapple pizza, the list includes Mrbeast, lebron james, that one turkish sharp shooter who got silver at the olympics wwithout the use of gear.

2 the history of pineapple pizza did not actually start in hawaii, it started in goofysimplicityofaplaceholdercountry.

3 statistics show that 99% of people who dont eat pineapple pizza die of being failures.

4 pineapple pizza is amazing and crunchy

---

"Wearing mismatched socks causes great distress on people as seeing such poorly paired colours causes one to combust and become overwhelmed by all the clashing colours, as outlined in a study that says this happens 21% of the time. Many people who wear mismatched socks on a daily basis tend to be depressed and failures, as shown in another study by MIT about how they all end up at McDonalds or hotel bellboys.

It also ends up in great mental decline because seeing all these non-complimentary colours cause people to have mental disorders such as schizophrenia and adhd due to science things. it also affects ones physical wellbeing as teh mere sight of this atrocity causes people to go blind in tgheir left eye and have hearing loss from their superiors nagginng them about their ugly attire. 

Also, at least 99% of people who wear mismatched socks die eventualkly."

The topic was: "Explain why mismatched socks negatively influences peoples academic abilities"